chore(repo): rename Camunda BPM Platform to Camunda Platform (#19)
camunda/camunda-template-engines-jsr223: README.md

Modules which contains wrappers of Java template engines as
[JSR 223](https://www.jcp.org/en/jsr/detail?id=223) compatible
[script engines](http://docs.oracle.com/javase/7/docs/api/javax/script/ScriptEngine.html).

> Therefore they can be used in the [Camunda Platform](http://camunda.org) as scripting languages.

Reviewer: Maybe we can update the link as well:
```suggestion
Therefore they can be used in the [Camunda Platform](https://camunda.com/products/camunda-bpm/) as scripting languages.
```
